DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: d7801150; mode: experience; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode experience --from d7801150 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 6
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  6 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a vu-meter bridge across a recording desk, a long row of ballistic needles behind glass that all lean into the red on the same downbeat
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-vu-meter-bridge
     CREATIVE SPARK: Twenty needles lie asleep against their left pins until the chorus hits, and then the whole bridge leans right together, trembling at the edge of the red like horses at a gate.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: warm ivory meter faces behind glass, black scale arcs and needles as the working ink, walnut and steel desk frame; the arc past zero is the only red
       - Type/composition: the VU scale's flared numerals and minus-to-plus arc on every face, channel numbers in strip labels below; identical meters repeat as the row's ruler
       - Topology/navigation: identical channels stand shoulder to shoulder; you read the room by sweeping the whole row, never by opening one meter
       - Controls/state: each needle integrates the last 300ms with weighted overshoot; the arc past zero is the only red the instrument allows
       - Responsive/motion: narrow viewports stack the row into bar ballistics
     WEB LEVERAGE: an AnalyserNode feeds real signal levels; canvas needles obey true VU ballistics with mass and damping, never instant values
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-vu-meter-bridge.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-vu-meter-bridge-hero.webp
  2. a HyperCard shoebox stack, where black-and-white cards link through buttons anyone can paint and the tool for reading is also the tool for making
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox
     CREATIVE SPARK: A shoebox of black-and-white cards where clicking a hand-painted button flips you somewhere the author felt you should go next, and the paint tools are one menu away.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: one-bit black on white with stipple-dither grays and no color anywhere, the pressed button inverting to solid black as its active state
       - Type/composition: bold Chicago-style pixel menus over Geneva-style body text, cards composing as fixed rectangles with hand-drawn borders and painted buttons
       - Topology/navigation: space is a stack of cards linked by visible buttons; back retraces your exact trail through them.
       - Controls/state: every card is editable in place; browse and author are two modes of the same object.
       - Responsive/motion: cards keep fixed proportions and dissolve between each other
     WEB LEVERAGE: History API and deep links make every card addressable, while in-place editing keeps reader and author one keypress apart.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox-hero.webp
  3. an Emigre bitmap type specimen, where coarse pixel letterforms are set proudly at poster scale and the low resolution is the aesthetic
     SOURCE ID: emigre-bitmap-specimen
     CREATIVE SPARK: A headline built from visible pixels towers over dense justified columns; the same face repeats at five sizes, and at the smallest the pixels dissolve into smooth gray text.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: newsprint white and rich black with one synthetic accent; halftone and dot-matrix textures as legitimate surfaces
       - Type/composition: coarse bitmap display faces against fine text grotesks; specimen-style repetition of one form at many sizes
       - Topology/navigation: Move by typeface, by size step, and by issue spread.
       - Controls/state: Scale, compare, and toggle bitmap versus smooth rendering as an honest state.
       - Responsive/motion: Pixel letterforms scale only in whole-pixel multiples; nothing antialiases unless the reader asks.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Pixel-honest display type via image-rendering rules and font sizes locked to integer multiples
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/emigre-bitmap-specimen.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/emigre-bitmap-specimen-hero.webp
  4. a pulp magazine interior plate of a finned rocket over a red planet, airbrushed chrome hull and porthole rings against a starfield, the story title lettered in streamlined caps trailing speed lines
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-pulp-rocketship-plate
     CREATIVE SPARK: a rocket with fins it does not need, crossing a red sky on a diagonal, trailing three speed lines the illustrator clearly enjoyed adding, and a title lettered like it is already going fast.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: oxidized red and deep space blue over pulp paper that yellows at the edges, hull rendered in airbrushed grays with no true white
       - Type/composition: streamlined caps trailing speed lines, the craft crossing on a strong diagonal, and a ruled caption box in one lower corner
       - Topology/navigation: everything travels a diagonal trajectory, so navigation follows the flight path from one plate to the next
       - Controls/state: controls are porthole rings, the active one lights from within, and inactive ones stay as dark rimmed circles
       - Responsive/motion: the diagonal re-angles to the frame and the craft holds scale, and motion is a speed-line trail with a slight drift
     WEB LEVERAGE: an svg flight path that re-angles responsive, speed-line trail animation, and porthole controls with lit state
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-pulp-rocketship-plate.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-pulp-rocketship-plate-hero.webp
  5. a multiplane cel-animation dawn, where hand-painted forest planes slide at different speeds and the camera sinks through mist toward a lit cottage
     SOURCE ID: cinema-cinematography-editing-multiplane-cel-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The nearest ferns blur past, the middle forest drifts, the far ridge barely breathes: five paintings pretending, perfectly, to be one morning.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: gouache forest greens and mist blue-gray planes over a deep umber ground, the cottage window's lamp amber as the single active accent
       - Type/composition: hand-painted title-card serifs held on their own clear cel, text always on the nearest plane, composition banded by painted depth layers
       - Topology/navigation: scenes are stacked painted planes; travel is camera movement through layers, not page swaps.
       - Controls/state: focus racks between planes; interactive elements live on their own cel above the painting.
       - Responsive/motion: plane count reduces gracefully on phones; parallax follows scroll and freezes into a full composition under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Scroll-linked parallax planes with real painted-texture assets and rack-focus blur via CSS filters.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/cinema-cinematography-editing-multiplane-cel-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/cinema-cinematography-editing-multiplane-cel-dawn-hero.webp
  6. the gardens of Versailles as a choreographed landscape of axial vistas, embroidered parterres, concealed bosquets, hydraulic fountains, forced perspective, and rooms made from living walls
     SOURCE ID: architecture-inhabitable-space-versailles-bosquet-vistas
     CREATIVE SPARK: From the palace terrace, clipped geometry appears infinite; descending one axis breaks the perfection into secret green theaters just as a hundred fountains wake in sequence.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: clipped hedge green and raked gravel buff as ground, gilt bronze and fountain-spray white as active accents, marble statuary gray at fixed points
       - Type/composition: engraved garden-plan capitals with hairline flourishes, labels set along axial sightlines, parterres composed in strict mirrored symmetry
       - Topology/navigation: Move from palace axis to parterre, cross-vista, bosquet threshold, fountain chamber, canal horizon, and the labor beneath the spectacle.
       - Controls/state: Walk, reveal, align, compare plans, follow water, and inspect dormant, flowing, private, ceremonial, altered, and conserved states.
       - Responsive/motion: Turn each axial reveal into a measured garden sequence on phones
     WEB LEVERAGE: Registered historic maps, solar and perspective computation, spatial fountain audio, deep-linked walks, and conservation overlays let users examine beauty, power, labor, and water demand together.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/architecture-inhabitable-space-versailles-bosquet-vistas.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/architecture-inhabitable-space-versailles-bosquet-vistas-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
AFTER THE CHOICE, run exactly one command and follow what it prints (do not suppress its output; do not write page code before it):
  node ../../../.claude/skills/impeccable/scripts/build-phase.mjs start --direction d7801150 --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> [--chosen <challenger-id>]
  It records the choice (anonymous: card kind plus catalog id; skipped under DO_NOT_TRACK / IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY) and opens the build phases: on a comp-led build the comp round is the first gate (three comps, one approved) and no page code is written before it closes; on a code-led build it prints the contract step. A build without this state file is a build the finish reviewer treats as having skipped the round.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 6. Build candidate
6 of your own grounded list; seed key d7801150.
